[IMP] POS: Update "Payment methods" doc (#14783)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/payment_methods.rst

Payment methods
===============

Configure a payment method with Odoo Point of Sale to provide customers with various payment
options, including cash, card payments through a :ref:`configured payment terminal
<pos/terminals/configuration>`, :doc:`online payments </applications/finance/payment_providers>`,
or customer accounts.

To create a payment method, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Payment
Methods`, click :guilabel:`New`, and follow the next steps:

#. Enter a name for the payment method.
#. Enable the following options if needed:

   - :guilabel:`Online Payment`: To link the payment method to a payment provider and enable
     online payments, select a provider in the :guilabel:`Allowed Providers` field or click
     :icon:`fa-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Payment Providers` to install one.
   - :guilabel:`Identify Customer`: Force the selection of a customer account during the payment.
#. Select the preferred :guilabel:`Journal` to record all transactions.

> #. Select the preferred :guilabel:`Point of Sale` to assign the method.

Reviewer: If I'm not mistaken, this makes the payment method available for the POS in the settings so I'd rephrase slightly to reflect that:
```suggestion
#. Select the relevant :guilabel:`Point of Sale` where the payment method should be available.
```
or *appropriate* (IMO *preferred* implies you can only select one, when actually you can select multiple pos)

#. Set the :guilabel:`Integration` field to one of the following options:

   - :guilabel:`None required`: For cash payments.
   - :guilabel:`Terminal`: :ref:`Set up a terminal <pos/terminals/configuration>` and allow card
     payments.
   - :guilabel:`Bank App (QR Code)`: Generate a :doc:`QR code with a bank app
     </applications/sales/point_of_sale/payment_methods/qr_code_payment>`. Select a :guilabel:`QR
     Code Format`.
#. Save.

.. note::
   - If the :doc:`Urban Piper </applications/sales/point_of_sale/online_food_delivery>` setting is
     enabled in the :ref:`POS settings <configuration/settings>`, the :guilabel:`Delivery Payment`
     option appears on the :guilabel:`Payment Method` form and is used for online delivery payments.

>      Select a :guilabel:`Delivery Provider` to configure the option.

Reviewer: It's not super clear to me the link between UrbanPiper and payment methods (sorry!) Could we please discuss this?

>    - If the Accounting app is installed, the :guilabel:`Outstanding Account` and
>      :guilabel:`Intermediary Account` options appear in the :guilabel:`Payment Method` form to
>      assign transactions to different :doc:`accounts
>      </applications/finance/accounting/get_started/chart_of_accounts>`. Leave the field empty to
>      use the company's default account.

Reviewer: - There is no mention of intermediary accounts anywhere in the accounting doc; what is it exactly? just an account receivable used specifically for that payment method (instead of the general POS)
- I think you can only select an oustanding account if you select a journal (which makes sense because [outstanding accounts are used (amongst other things) to create journal entries](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/applications/finance/accounting/get_started/journals.html#accounting-journals-outstanding-accounts).
- I don't think you can always set both types of accounts; sometimes it's one or the other. Also, when can you set both actually? when would that make sense?
- I'm not sure about the Chart of accounts doc link, could ther ebe a more useful doc link maybe? (let's talk to the accounting people about this!)

```suggestion
   - If the Accounting app is installed, the :guilabel:`Outstanding Account` (if a :guilabel:`Journal` is set) and/or
     :guilabel:`Intermediary Account` fields can be used to record the transactions made with the payment method in different :doc:`accounts <change this link?s>`. Leave the fields empty to use the company's default account.
```
and where is the default account set? is this described somewhere in the pos doc?

.. tip::

>    - Create a :guilabel:`Cash` Journal for cash payments. Click in the :guilabel:`Journal` field,
>      then :guilabel:`Search more`, and click :guilabel:`New`.

Reviewer: You might also use an existing journal; i'd change this:

```suggestion
   - Use a dedicated :ref:`cash journal <add a link to this section: https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/applications/finance/accounting/get_started/journals.html#cash>` to record cash payments.
```

   - Activate at least one :doc:`payment provider </applications/websites/ecommerce/payments>` to
     allow online payments and add at least one bank account to the journal to enable QR code

>      payments through bank apps.

Reviewer: i'd remove this list item:
- the info about payment providers is already mentionned on lines 19-20
- I'd move the info about QR codes on line 31 and link to [this doc section](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/applications/finance/accounting/get_started/journals.html#bank)
